(LOOΠΔ has arrived at the next set!)
JinSoul: Hello
Kim Lip: Hello
JinSoul: Actually, 4 members including us and ViVi left home early morning today
JinSoul: (Envnious) However, ViVi went to home already
Kim Lip: Yeah
Kim Lip: She’s bad…
JinSoul: So Lip and HeeJin should wait for me!
Kim Lip: Pardon?
(Today’s last filming is JinSoul’s scene!)
JinSoul: Cause I’m the last~
JinSoul: Hey! Wait for me!
Kim Lip: Can’t hear you~
JinSoul: (Simple) Run and lip sync and it will end
Kim Lip: I guess that means it will take a long time. Am I wrong?
JinSoul: Nah. It won’t take a long time~
JInSoul: Because you will sleep tight in the car then it will end~
Kim Lip: HeeJin is doing lip sync now
Kim Lip: I hope she will do her best~
Kim Lip: Then see you!
JinSoul: Fighting~
HeeJin: I slept really well in the car all the way to here
HeeJin: So I think my face is too puffy~
(Never…)
HeeJin: Does my face look puffy?
HeeJin: Or is it not?
HeeJin: (Ran out of things to say) See you~